---
title: 'Dream Core'
date: 'January 11, 2024'
---

I name this blog entry dream core, because I think deeply about my ambitions. I intend to maintain physical and mental wellbeing and I have particular rituals to suffice these intentions.  I dream of everlasting happiness and fulfillment through meaningful connections, and finding my purpose. If I go into any activity, my hopes are to go into it with authenticity.

- Fitness. Evening, 9 PM.
- Studying. Morning, 7 AM.
- Productivity. 8 AM to 4 PM.

A typical study session involves self-teaching. I learn new languages, new concepts, or think about my day-to-day activities. I go on long walks, hikes, or to the gym during the evening. Intense physical exercise helps me sleep well at night. Productivity often involves classes, work, or preparing for classes.

- Breakfast. 6 AM.
- Lunch. 12 PM.
- Dinner. 5 PM.

My schedule for meals follow a 5 to 6 hour interval. I make an honest effort to avoid eating late in the night. There are various different meal preps for my daily diet. I tend to allow flexibility in cases like hangouts, dates, or other occasions.

- Eggs.
- Chicken breast.
- Tofu.
- Oats.
- Pasta.
- Sunflower, Flax, et cetera.

These are typical ingredients I use for meal prep. At least, I find these to be my favorite. I cook on a daily basis and I prefer to eat eggs sunny side-up. I usually cut chicken breast in half and I think it goes well with tofu. I use oats, sunflower, flax for my smoothies. I cook pasta and make tomato sauce with diced tomatoes and other spices.

- Spinach.
- Kale.
- Arugula.
- Bananas.
- Almond milk.
- Chia seeds.
- Sunflower seeds.
- Flax.
- Hemp hearts.
- Spirulina.
- Peanut butter.
- Variety of berries.
- Mangoes.

This list makes my smoothies appear complicated, but I often switch ingredients everyday. I have a calendar where I supplement different ingredients. I find my smoothies to be tasty when using almond milk, bananas, and peanut butter.

The ideas and concepts I find most interesting come from various forms of media. I listen to plenty of music, watch anime, or movies. I think following a routine in my daily life helps to reach my goals. I leave room for ambiguity, and prefer flexible routines over stringent ones. However, routines are key to efficient time management.