---
title: 'First Week, Winter 2024'
date: 'January 9, 2024'
---

This is a great opportunity to post my notes I am taking for my classes so far. I am actively reading my textbooks for classes and ensuring I retain information from classes. Journaling these notes in plain English helps me understand these concepts. Bullet notes summarize the concepts.

What are ordinary differential equations? A differential equation is an equation that contains one or more derivatives of an unknown function. We use n as the exponent and y as the variable. One of the functionns such as x, or y, or y to the power of n appears on the right.

What is order? Order refers to the highest derivative in an equation. A partial differential equation contains partial derivatives of more than one variable. Since I am using ordinary differential equations in this class, I am referring to them as differential equations.

- $y' = sin(x) + y.$ ODE. Highest order is 1.
- 1 = cos(x). Not an ODE.
- y^(n) + y^(n-1) + y = x^(2). ODE. n-th order.
- (dy/dt) + (dy/dx) = 1. PDE.
- f'''(x) + 2f(x) + 1. Not an ODE. No RHS.
- f'(x) = 1. Not an ODE. Highest order is 1.

How do I breakdown an ODE? All constants and variables are real. x represents independent variables and t represents time. It is important to note that y to the n power refers to the highest order.

- (dy/dx) = f(x). y' = f(x).
- y' = (dy/dx) or (dy/dx).
- y'' = (d^(2)y)/(dx^(2)) or (d^(2)y)/(dt^(2)).
- y''' and y^(n). Replace the square root with the order.